 
 ## What is Allure ?
 Allure Framework is a flexible lightweight multi-language test report tool that not only shows a very concise representation of what have been tested in a neat web report form, but allows everyone participating in the development process to extract maximum of useful information from everyday execution of tests.
 
 In issuing automation , we are using allure as a secondary reporting tool.
 
 ## How does allure reporting work.
There are two components to allure reporting framework.
1. Allure test result metadata generator plugin - which can be configured in automation framework in plugin section of the Cucumber Default Runner
 > Allure test result metdadata generator plugin has been added to our automation suite as a JAR file
3. Allure HTML report generator - This is a command line tool which will compile the metadata generated by allure plugin and generate an html report


 ## Allure installation
 To generate and view allure report, you need to install allure tool in your computer. Please follow the steps below to install allure 
 
- Download the latest version as zip archive from Maven Central.
URL : https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/io/qameta/allure/allure-commandline/

- Unpack the archive to allure-commandline directory.

- Navigate to bin directory.

- Use allure.bat for Windows or allure for other Unix platforms.

- Add allure to system PATH.

- To run commandline application, Java Runtime Environment must be installed.


## Check the installation
Execute `allure --version` in console to make sure that allure is now available:

>$ allure --version
> 2.0.1



## How to enable allure reporting in our test suite

Allure reporting is disabled by default. It can be enabled by simply uncommenting 'allure plugin' in the `DeautlRunner.java`
TODO - Screenshot

